Hey guys, it's Dunkey and
I have a stranger video than normal for you guys today.
A just couple of hours ago here I got an e-mail
Now usually just Bill insert passage
But the title is kinda intriguing
Please help me, league ghosts...
please help me dink
Now right away y'know I connected the dots
It's just type three different items to me.
With no relevance anything
Abyssal Scepter a tampon
Deathfire Grasp and then Haunting Guise on the bottom.
He also attached a zoomed in of Abyssal Scepter
And I just look at for awhile
But I notice with some leniency there is aah... lettering at the center
It reads' DFG'
I figured he just photoshop that on there
But I downloaded it though images from the official website.
And the lettering is on there.
And, you y'know Haunting Guise that leads you to this..
And then top left you see 'SW'
And that's where he left it.
And I confi-, configured out with sight ward but I can't find any lettering on this one.
But later I took a zoomed in screenshot of that..
And I brought it in to a photoshop
And I zoomed in on it with the
ah, the magnifying tool.
And I do notice a little something here in the middle.
And thats, thats kinda creepy ha
Let's ah- Let's see if I can bring this a little better
What the fuck?!
[creepy music playing]
And I never playing league ever again
Oh, hey look at this!
Girl: Play league with me!
Dunkey: Okay
[Dunkey Singing]
Wait a minute!
What is that?
[creepy music playing]
I swear to God, I see something.
Just a couple minutes ago I actually
got a call from ah, Bill
and I'm talking Clinton here.
He said ah, he said in a really kinda sinister voice said "you know to much".
And I said- I said Bill
Bobby my ah, Internet is haunted by this conspiracy ah,
But I'm having a game in my life somehow here so
I'm just gonna- I'm get back to you at 25 minutes Bobby
and you just let me finish this match
and I work my movie 'Magic On You' okay.
And let's just- Let's just try to win this one now
Alright so where was I
oh, oh tri-, Watch out tristana there's vayne!
Let's your fingers do the talking.
Watch out nunu!
I'm gonna get outta here
Uuh shen-, shen get in there
Em Bambino Kill
Looks like tristana is on the run but she's gonna have do better than that if she want to escape my gun.
By Dr. Seuss
Not even late can stop me-
Oh shit!
[Gunshots]
uhm some ha- some guys broke into my house and starting shooting at me so I just jump out the window
Y'know I jump out the window and I-
I run down the ah, down- down the ally to the McDonald cause they have WiFi here.
And it's pretty ingenious move by me.
Cause now I can finish this match
So it's ah y'know
So let's finish this
Oh, look like warwick is getting away
Oh, maybe that's so fast
Oh, Shen's helping on em
Yey his gonna makin away
But may look at Swain I gonna treat you like how I treat the enemies in Max Payne
and I don't treat them very good as- as- as- ah, y'know I often
Oh sh- SHIT!
[Gunshots]
Good thing I had my bulletproof vest on ha!
Oh, we lost, come on!
There's only two shootings and I came back and relative amount of time.
I don't see why we lost this
It's a- it's a disappointment, it's a disappoint-
What is that?
What is, do you guys not see that?
[creepy music playing]
Goddammit
It's was this Singe the whole time.
It was- packed it up everybody
it was- it was singe the whole-